analytical/yearly_picks/2022.md, before:

# 2022 Yearly Picks

# OP
|             | Season    | Song (EN)           | Artist (EN)                            | Show (EN)                       | Song (JP)                | Artist (JP)          | Show (JP)                      |
| ----------- | --- | ------------------- | -------------------------------------- | ------------------------------- | ------------------------ | -------------------- | ------------------------------ |
| **Leading** | Winter    | Hajimari no Setsuna | Roubai Academy Middle School Class 1-3 | Akebi-chan's Sailor Uniform     | はじまりのセツナ         | 蠟梅学園中等部1年3組 | 明日ちゃんのセーラー服         |
| Rank 2      | Summer    | Dance In The Game   | ZAQ                                    | Classroom of the Elite Season 2 |                          |                      | ようこそ実力至上主義の教室へ２ |
| Rank 3      | Spring    | Honey Jet Coaster   | nasuo☆                                 | Shikimori's Not Just a Cutie    | ハニージェットコースター | なすお☆              | 可愛いだけじゃない式守さん     |

# ED
|             | Season | Song (EN)                  | Artist (EN)   | Show (EN)                          | Song (JP)  | Artist (JP)    | Show (JP)                     |
| ----------- | ------ | -------------------------- | ------------- | ---------------------------------- | ---------- | -------------- | ----------------------------- |
| **Leading** | Spring | Asu e no Tobira (cover)    | Rie Takahashi | Teasing Master Takagi-san Movie    | 明日への扉 | 高橋 李依      | からかい上手の高木さん 劇場版 |
| Rank 2      | Winter | Snow Magic Fantasy (cover) | Rie Takahashi | Teasing Master Takagi-san Season 3 |            | 高橋 李依      | からかい上手の高木さん３      |
| Rank 3      | Spring | Kyori-kan                  | Hakoniwa Lily | Aharen-san is Indecipherable       | キョリ感   | ハコニワリリィ | 阿波連さんははかれない        |

Commit message:

feat(A): add 2022 Overall Non-seasonal List

analytical/yearly_picks/2022.md, after:

# 2022 Yearly Picks
## Overall (Seasonal)


## Overall (Non-seasonal)
Includes all shows with rating $\ge 9.5$ that I watched starting from the last week of 2021 until the last week of 2022.

All rows with a blank entry in the first column are Honorable Mentions.

|     | Show (EN)                                      | Show (JP)                                             | Current Rating |
| --- | ---------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------- | -------------- |
| **Leading** | **Pokémon Journeys**                           | **ポケットモンスター (2019)**                         | **11**         |
|             | Danganronpa 3: Future Arc                      | ダンガンロンパ３ –The End of 希望ヶ峰学園– 未来編     | 10             |
|             | Danganronpa 3: Despair Arc                     | ダンガンロンパ3 -The End of 希望ヶ峰学園-　絶望編     | 10             |
|             | Kokoro Connect                                 | ココロコネクト                                        | 10             |
|     | Angel Beats!                                   |                                                       | 9.75           |
|     | Charlotte                                      |                                                       | 9.75           |
|     | Plastic Memories                               |                                                       | 9.75           |
|     | Diary of Our Days at the Breakwater            | 放課後ていぼう日誌                                    | 9.75           |
|     | Danganronpa: The Animation                      | ダンガンロンパ 希望の学園と絶望の高校生 The Animation | 9.75           |
|     | Our love has always been 10 centimeters apart. | いつだって僕らの恋は10センチだった。                  | 9.75           |
|     | Non Non Biyori Nonstop                         | のんのんびより のんすとっぷ                           | 9.75           |
|     | Princess Connect! Re:Dive                      | プリンセスコネクト！Re:Dive                           | 9.5            |
|     | Non Non Biyori                                 | のんのんびより                                        | 9.5            |
|     | Non Non Biyori Repeat                          | のんのんびより りぴーと                               | 9.5            |
|     | Princess Connect! Re:Dive Season 2             | プリンセスコネクト！Re:Dive 第二期                    | 9.5            |

## OP
|             | Season    | Song (EN)           | Artist (EN)                            | Show (EN)                       | Song (JP)                | Artist (JP)          | Show (JP)                      |
| ----------- | --- | ------------------- | -------------------------------------- | ------------------------------- | ------------------------ | -------------------- | ------------------------------ |
| **Leading** | Winter    | Hajimari no Setsuna | Roubai Academy Middle School Class 1-3 | Akebi-chan's Sailor Uniform     | はじまりのセツナ         | 蠟梅学園中等部1年3組 | 明日ちゃんのセーラー服         |
| Rank 2      | Summer    | Dance In The Game   | ZAQ                                    | Classroom of the Elite Season 2 |                          |                      | ようこそ実力至上主義の教室へ２ |
| Rank 3      | Spring    | Honey Jet Coaster   | nasuo☆                                 | Shikimori's Not Just a Cutie    | ハニージェットコースター | なすお☆              | 可愛いだけじゃない式守さん     |

## ED
|             | Season | Song (EN)                  | Artist (EN)   | Show (EN)                          | Song (JP)  | Artist (JP)    | Show (JP)                     |
| ----------- | ------ | -------------------------- | ------------- | ---------------------------------- | ---------- | -------------- | ----------------------------- |
| **Leading** | Spring | Asu e no Tobira (cover)    | Rie Takahashi | Teasing Master Takagi-san Movie    | 明日への扉 | 高橋 李依      | からかい上手の高木さん 劇場版 |
| Rank 2      | Winter | Snow Magic Fantasy (cover) | Rie Takahashi | Teasing Master Takagi-san Season 3 |            | 高橋 李依      | からかい上手の高木さん３      |
| Rank 3      | Spring | Kyori-kan                  | Hakoniwa Lily | Aharen-san is Indecipherable       | キョリ感   | ハコニワリリィ | 阿波連さんははかれない        |
