analytical/seasonal_picks/Summer 2022.md, before:

# Summer 2022 Seasonal Summary
## Overall
| Current Ranking | Show (EN)                                            | Show (JP)                                             | Current Rating |
| --------------- | ---------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------- | -------------- |
| **1**           | **Classroom of the Elite II**                        | **ようこそ実力至上主義の教室へ２**                    | **10.5**       |
| 2               | Rent-a-Girlfriend Season 2                           | 彼女、お借りします２                                  | 10             |
| 3               | When Will Ayumu Make His Move?                       | それでも歩は寄せてくる                                | 9.75           |
| 4               | Is It Wrong to Try to Pick Up Girls in a Dungeon? IV | ダンジョンに出会いを求めるのは間違っているだろうか IV | 9.25           |
| 5               | Summertime Render (cour 2)                           | サマータイムレンダ (２クール)                         | 8.75           |
| 6               | The Devil Is a Part-Timer! Season 2                  | はたらく魔王さま！！                                  | 8.75           |
| 7               | Made in Abyss: The Golden City of the Scorching Sun  | メイドインアビス 烈日の黄金郷                         | 8.5            |
|                 | A Couple of Cuckoos (cour 2)                         | カッコウの許嫁 (２クール)                             |                |
|                 | Call of the Night                                    | よふかしのうた                                        | •              |
|                 | Lycoris Recoil                                       | リコリス・リコイル                                    | •              |
|                 | Parallel World Pharmacy                              | 異世界薬局                                            | •              |

## Character
All rows with blank entries in the first column are currently Honorable Mentions.

|             | Character (EN)         | Seiyuu (EN)      | Show (EN)                           | Character (JP)  | Seiyuu (JP)   | Show (JP)                          |
| ----------- | ---------------------- | ---------------- | ----------------------------------- | --------------- | ------------- | ---------------------------------- |
| **Leading** | **Kiyotaka Ayanokōji** | **Shōya Chiba**  | **Classroom of the Elite II** | **綾小路 清隆** | **千葉 翔也** | **ようこそ実力至上主義の教室へ２** |
| Rank 2      | Chizuru Mizuhara       | Sora Amamiya     | Rent-a-Girlfriend Season 2          | 水原千鶴        | 雨宮 天       | 彼女、お借りします２               |
| Rank 3      | Kei Karuizawa          | Ayana Taketatsu  | Classroom of the Elite II     | 軽井沢 恵       | 竹達 彩奈     | ようこそ実力至上主義の教室へ２     |
|             | Honami Ichinose        | Nao Tōyama       | Classroom of the Elite II     | 一之瀬 帆波     | 東山 奈央     | ようこそ実力至上主義の教室へ２     |
|             | Suzune Horikita        | Akari Kitō       | Classroom of the Elite II     | 堀北 鈴音       | 鬼頭 明里     | ようこそ実力至上主義の教室へ２     |
|             | Kakeru Ryūen           | Masaaki Mizunaka | Classroom of the Elite II     | 龍園 翔         | 水中 雅章     | ようこそ実力至上主義の教室へ２     |
|             | Sumi Sakurasawa        | Rie Takahashi    | Rent-a-Girlfriend Season 2          | 桜沢 墨         | 高橋 李依     | 彼女、お借りします２               |
|             | Kazuya Kinoshita       | Shun Horie       | Rent-a-Girlfriend Season 2          | 木ノ下 和也     | 堀江 瞬       | 彼女、お借りします２               |
|             | Mami Nanami            | Aoi Yūki         | Rent-a-Girlfriend Season 2          | 七海 麻美       | 悠木碧        | 彼女、お借りします２               |
|             | Ruka Sarashina         | Nao Tōyama       | Rent-a-Girlfriend Season 2          | 更科 瑠夏       | 東山 奈央     | 彼女、お借りします２               |
|             | Urushi Yaotome         | Kanna Nakamura   | When Will Ayumu Make His Move?      | 八乙女 うるし   | 中村 カンナ   | それでも歩は寄せてくる             |
|             | Ayumu Tanaka           | Yōhei Azakami    | When Will Ayumu Make His Move?      | 田中 歩         | 阿座上 洋平   | それでも歩は寄せてくる             |

## OP
|             | Song (EN)              | Artist (EN)           | Show (EN)                      | Song (JP)                  | Artist (JP) | Show (JP)                          |
| ----------- | ---------------------- | --------------------- | ------------------------------ | -------------------------- | ----------- | ---------------------------------- |
| **Leading** | **Dance In The Game**  | **ZAQ**               | **Classroom of the Elite II**  |                            |             | **ようこそ実力至上主義の教室へ２** |
| Rank 2      | Himitsu Koi Gokoro     | CHiCO with HoneyWorks | Rent-a-Girlfriend Season 2     | ヒミツ恋ゴコロ             |             | 彼女、お借りします２               |
| Rank 3      | ALIVE                  | ClariS                | Lycoris Recoil                 |                            |             | リコリス・リコイル                 |
|             | Kakehiki wa Poker Face | Kana Hanazawa         | When Will Ayumu Make His Move? | 駆け引きはポーカーフェイス | 花澤 香菜   | それでも歩は寄せてくる             |

## ED
|             | Song (EN)       | Artist (EN)         | Show (EN)                           | Song (JP)    | Artist (JP) | Show (JP)                      |
| ----------- | --------------- | ------------------- | ----------------------------------- | ------------ | ----------- | ------------------------------ |
| **Leading** | **Ienai**       | **MIMiNARI + asmi** | **Rent-a-Girlfriend Season 2**      | **言えない** |             | **彼女、お借りします２**       |
| Rank 2      | Hito Shibai     | Mai Fuchigami       | Classroom of the Elite II           | 人芝居       | 渕上 舞     | ようこそ実力至上主義の教室へ２ |
| Rank 3      | Hana no Tou     | SAYURI              | Lycoris Recoil                      | 花の塔       | さユり      | リコリス・リコイル             |
|             | Suikyō no Sekai | Marina Horiuchi     | The Devil is a Part-Timer! Season 2 | 水鏡の世界   | 堀内 まり菜 | はたらく魔王さま！！           |

Commit message:

feat(A): add tentative decision dates for Su22

analytical/seasonal_picks/Summer 2022.md, after:

# Summer 2022 Seasonal Summary
Tentative finalization dates:
- Overall, Character: October 3
- OP, ED: September 26

よかふしのうた, リコリス • リコイル, and 異世界薬局 will be included in all 4 categories (OP and ED are simpler to reason out, and I'll be watching the shows themselves when October starts).

## Overall
| Current Ranking | Show (EN)                                            | Show (JP)                                             | Current Rating |
| --------------- | ---------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------- | -------------- |
| **1**           | **Classroom of the Elite II**                        | **ようこそ実力至上主義の教室へ２**                    | **10.5**       |
| 2               | Rent-a-Girlfriend Season 2                           | 彼女、お借りします２                                  | 10             |
| 3               | When Will Ayumu Make His Move?                       | それでも歩は寄せてくる                                | 9.75           |
| 4               | Is It Wrong to Try to Pick Up Girls in a Dungeon? IV | ダンジョンに出会いを求めるのは間違っているだろうか IV | 9.25           |
| 5               | Summertime Render (cour 2)                           | サマータイムレンダ (２クール)                         | 8.75           |
| 6               | The Devil Is a Part-Timer! Season 2                  | はたらく魔王さま！！                                  | 8.75           |
| 7               | Made in Abyss: The Golden City of the Scorching Sun  | メイドインアビス 烈日の黄金郷                         | 8.5            |
|                 | A Couple of Cuckoos (cour 2)                         | カッコウの許嫁 (２クール)                             |                |
|                 | Call of the Night                                    | よふかしのうた                                        | •              |
|                 | Lycoris Recoil                                       | リコリス・リコイル                                    | •              |
|                 | Parallel World Pharmacy                              | 異世界薬局                                            | •              |

## Character
All rows with blank entries in the first column are currently Honorable Mentions.

|             | Character (EN)         | Seiyuu (EN)      | Show (EN)                           | Character (JP)  | Seiyuu (JP)   | Show (JP)                          |
| ----------- | ---------------------- | ---------------- | ----------------------------------- | --------------- | ------------- | ---------------------------------- |
| **Leading** | **Kiyotaka Ayanokōji** | **Shōya Chiba**  | **Classroom of the Elite II** | **綾小路 清隆** | **千葉 翔也** | **ようこそ実力至上主義の教室へ２** |
| Rank 2      | Chizuru Mizuhara       | Sora Amamiya     | Rent-a-Girlfriend Season 2          | 水原千鶴        | 雨宮 天       | 彼女、お借りします２               |
| Rank 3      | Kei Karuizawa          | Ayana Taketatsu  | Classroom of the Elite II     | 軽井沢 恵       | 竹達 彩奈     | ようこそ実力至上主義の教室へ２     |
|             | Honami Ichinose        | Nao Tōyama       | Classroom of the Elite II     | 一之瀬 帆波     | 東山 奈央     | ようこそ実力至上主義の教室へ２     |
|             | Suzune Horikita        | Akari Kitō       | Classroom of the Elite II     | 堀北 鈴音       | 鬼頭 明里     | ようこそ実力至上主義の教室へ２     |
|             | Kakeru Ryūen           | Masaaki Mizunaka | Classroom of the Elite II     | 龍園 翔         | 水中 雅章     | ようこそ実力至上主義の教室へ２     |
|             | Sumi Sakurasawa        | Rie Takahashi    | Rent-a-Girlfriend Season 2          | 桜沢 墨         | 高橋 李依     | 彼女、お借りします２               |
|             | Kazuya Kinoshita       | Shun Horie       | Rent-a-Girlfriend Season 2          | 木ノ下 和也     | 堀江 瞬       | 彼女、お借りします２               |
|             | Mami Nanami            | Aoi Yūki         | Rent-a-Girlfriend Season 2          | 七海 麻美       | 悠木碧        | 彼女、お借りします２               |
|             | Ruka Sarashina         | Nao Tōyama       | Rent-a-Girlfriend Season 2          | 更科 瑠夏       | 東山 奈央     | 彼女、お借りします２               |
|             | Urushi Yaotome         | Kanna Nakamura   | When Will Ayumu Make His Move?      | 八乙女 うるし   | 中村 カンナ   | それでも歩は寄せてくる             |
|             | Ayumu Tanaka           | Yōhei Azakami    | When Will Ayumu Make His Move?      | 田中 歩         | 阿座上 洋平   | それでも歩は寄せてくる             |

## OP
|             | Song (EN)              | Artist (EN)           | Show (EN)                      | Song (JP)                  | Artist (JP) | Show (JP)                          |
| ----------- | ---------------------- | --------------------- | ------------------------------ | -------------------------- | ----------- | ---------------------------------- |
| **Leading** | **Dance In The Game**  | **ZAQ**               | **Classroom of the Elite II**  |                            |             | **ようこそ実力至上主義の教室へ２** |
| Rank 2      | Himitsu Koi Gokoro     | CHiCO with HoneyWorks | Rent-a-Girlfriend Season 2     | ヒミツ恋ゴコロ             |             | 彼女、お借りします２               |
| Rank 3      | ALIVE                  | ClariS                | Lycoris Recoil                 |                            |             | リコリス・リコイル                 |
|             | Kakehiki wa Poker Face | Kana Hanazawa         | When Will Ayumu Make His Move? | 駆け引きはポーカーフェイス | 花澤 香菜   | それでも歩は寄せてくる             |

## ED
|             | Song (EN)       | Artist (EN)         | Show (EN)                           | Song (JP)    | Artist (JP) | Show (JP)                      |
| ----------- | --------------- | ------------------- | ----------------------------------- | ------------ | ----------- | ------------------------------ |
| **Leading** | **Ienai**       | **MIMiNARI + asmi** | **Rent-a-Girlfriend Season 2**      | **言えない** |             | **彼女、お借りします２**       |
| Rank 2      | Hito Shibai     | Mai Fuchigami       | Classroom of the Elite II           | 人芝居       | 渕上 舞     | ようこそ実力至上主義の教室へ２ |
| Rank 3      | Hana no Tou     | SAYURI              | Lycoris Recoil                      | 花の塔       | さユり      | リコリス・リコイル             |
|             | Suikyō no Sekai | Marina Horiuchi     | The Devil is a Part-Timer! Season 2 | 水鏡の世界   | 堀内 まり菜 | はたらく魔王さま！！           |
